I would like to first thank my supervisor, Professor Natalia Korolkova, for her support and help over the past four years. My PhD has been fun, long, thrilling, difficult, enjoyable, frustrating, brilliant and always sinusoidal, and I am grateful to Natalia for her guidance in navigating all of these aspects. I should thank the many colleagues -- and now friends -- within the School of Physics and Astronomy who have contributed fun conversation and probing questions, and who have helped make the last four years so much fun. I have deeply appreciated these opportunities to grow: in self-management and self-leadership, in scientific ability, in public speaking, in teaching, in writing and in understanding and appreciation for our wonderful universe. Thank you to every undergraduate student I have taught or interacted with - you have reminded me that ``yes I actually do quite enjoy physics, let me tell you why''. Thanks Anton for helping me understand Mathematica and Git. Thank you also to Hamish, to Jes{\'u}s and to Cailean for giving me the privilege to work with you, and explore fun aspects of quantum physics. I enjoyed it and I hope you did too. 


I acknowledge deep support from my family. Thanks for listening to me trying to explain ``a cool quantum thing I just learned,'' and thanks especially to my parents for instilling in me a love and appreciation for science and mathematics. I am grateful to Dad for talking me out of pursuing a degree in chemistry, and to Mum for working so hard to support me financially through my first degree, and emotionally during this one. And thanks to my siblings Peter, Naomi, Annalise, Abigail and Andy for many years of friendship and encouragment.


I could not have survived the last four years without a little help from my friends. I am grateful in particular to my family at St Andrews Baptist Church, who have put up with my combination of too-little-sleep and too-much-coffee for the last nine years. You have reminded me that there are bigger things to focus on and enjoy than the PhD, and more important places to find my self-worth and satisfaction than in my own productivity and scientific output. Thank you to Jesus for making (quantum) light in the first place. Thanks to everyone in the Commune. Thanks to James and Belinda, David, Welsh-David, Jordan and Tamara, Emily, Gavin, the Milkman, and so many more. I should say ``thank you'' to Andrew Rollinson for encouraging me towards a PhD in the first place (though he's probably forgotten about it), and ``hello'' to Jason Isaacs.

Finally, I am deeply grateful for the love and support I have received from my wife Hannah. She has encouraged me when the PhD has just been plain annoying, and rejoiced with me when it has just been plain brilliant. Thank you for allowing me to lock myself away to write for the last three months, and for being a source of fun, food and caffeine for the last four years.

